- [Moley] Java is one of the most popular languages
for software development,
especially for the enterprise space.
As such, Java applications are constantly targets
of bad actor's actions.
What increases this concern is that Java
is used for a lot of internal enterprise applications
and often internal threats from disgruntled employees
or even curious employees
are much more dangerous than external actors
due to their inside knowledge.
Hi, my name is Frank Moley.
I'm a seasoned software professional
with a lot of time spent
with a focus on security functions within my team.
I have built security focused systems and controls
and taught secure coding courses for enterprises.
In this course,
we will start the journey of secure coding for Java.
Now, I say journey because security is just that,
a journey, not a destination.
We will speak about the most common attacks
against Java applications
and some common remediations for them.
So let's get ready to go.